Improve cluster mesh docs (#1136)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/multicluster/federation/kubeconfig.mdx

1. Validate that all [requirements](#calico-enterprise-multi-cluster-networking) for multi-cluster networking have been met.
2. Update the ClusterRole in each cluster in the cluster mesh using the RBAC manifest found in [Create kubeconfig files](#create-kubeconfig-files)
3. Update all RemoteClusterConfigurations to set `Spec.OverlayRoutingMode` to `Enabled`
4. Ensure that all RemoteClusterConfigurations are bidirectional, i.e. ensure that RemoteClusterConfigurations were established following the [instructions](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) for in both directions for each cluster pair.
5. If you had previously created disabled IP pools to prevent NAT outgoing from applying to remote cluster destinations, those disabled IP pools are no longer needed when using multi-cluster networking and must be deleted.

> ### Validate federated endpoint identity & multi-cluster networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate federated endpoint identity and multi-cluster networking
```

> #### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```

##### Check remote cluster connection

> You can validate in a local cluster that Typha has synced to the remote cluster through the [Prometheus metrics for Typha](../../reference/component-resources/typha/prometheus#metric-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the following options to verify that Typha has synced a local cluster to the remote cluster: 

- View [Prometheus metrics for Typha](../../reference/component-resources/typha/prometheus#metric-reference)
- Check Typha logs using this command: `kubectl logs deployment/calico-typha -n calico-system | grep "Sending in-sync update"`

Author: I'm not sure the log check can be condensed onto one line. It needs the context of "You should see an entry for each RemoteClusterConfiguration in the local cluster", which feels like too much for one line.

Leaving as-is for now, we can revisit on next pass

```

### Troubleshoot

> #### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```

##### Verify configuration
For each impacted remote cluster pair (between cluster A and cluster B):
1. Retrieve the kubeconfig from the secret stored in cluster A. Manually verify that it can be used to connect to cluster B.
   ```bash
   kubectl get secret -n <secret-namespace> remote-cluster-secret-name -o=jsonpath="{.data.kubeconfig}" | base64 -d > verify_kubeconfig_b
   kubectl --kubeconfig=verify_kubeconfig_b get nodes
   ```
   This validates that the credentials used by Typha to connect to cluster B's API server are stored in the correct location and provide sufficient access.

   The command above should yield a result like the following:
   ```
    NAME              STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
    clusterB-master   Ready    master   7d    v1.27.0
    clusterB-worker-1 Ready    worker   7d    v1.27.0
    clusterB-worker-2 Ready    worker   7d    v1.27.0
   ```

    If you do not see the nodes of cluster B listed in response to the command above, verify that you [created](#create-kubeconfig-files) the kubeconfig for cluster B correctly, and that you [stored](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) it in cluster A correctly.

>     If you do see the nodes of cluster B listed in response to the command above, you may wish to run this test (or a similar test) on a node in cluster A to verify that cluster A nodes can connect to the API server of cluster B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you do see the nodes of cluster B listed in response to the command above, you can run this test (or a similar test) on a node in cluster A to verify that cluster A nodes can connect to the API server of cluster B.
```

2. Validate that the Typha service account in Cluster A is authorized to retrieve the kubeconfig secret for cluster B.
   ```bash
    kubectl auth can-i list secrets --namespace <secret-namespace> --as=system:serviceaccount:calico-system:calico-typha
   ```

    This command should yield the following output:
    ```
    yes
    ```

>     If the command does not return this output, verify that you [configured RBAC](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) in cluster A correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the command does not return this output, verify that you correctly [configured RBAC](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) in cluster A.
```

3. Repeat the above, switching cluster A to cluster B.

##### Check logs
Validate that querying Typha logs yield the expected result outlined in the [validation](#validate-federated-endpoint-identity--multi-cluster-networking) section.

> If the Typha logs do not yield the expected result, warning or error related logs in `typha` or `calico-node` may provide insight into where issues are occurring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Typha logs do not yield the expected result, review the warning or error-related logs in `typha` or `calico-node` for insights.
```

###### calicoq
[calicoq](../../operations/clis/calicoq/installing) can be used to emulate the connection that Typha will make to remote clusters. Use the following command:
```bash
calicoq eval "all()"
```
If all remote clusters are accessible, calicoq returns something like the following. Note the remote cluster prefixes: there should be endpoints prefixed with the name of each RemoteClusterConfiguration in the local cluster.
```
Endpoints matching selector all():
  Workload endpoint remote-cluster-1/host-1/k8s/kube-system.kube-dns-5fbcb4d67b-h6686/eth0
  Workload endpoint remote-cluster-1/host-2/k8s/kube-system.cnx-manager-66c4dbc5b7-6d9xv/eth0
  Workload endpoint host-a/k8s/kube-system.kube-dns-5fbcb4d67b-7wbhv/eth0
  Workload endpoint host-b/k8s/kube-system.cnx-manager-66c4dbc5b7-6ghsm/eth0
```

If this command fails, the error messages returned by the command may provide insight into where issues are occurring.

#### Troubleshoot multi-cluster networking
##### Basic validation

> * Ensure that RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity are [functioning correctly](#validate-federated-endpoint-identity--multi-cluster-networking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity are [functioning correctly](#validate-federated-endpoint-identity--multi-cluster-networking)
```

> * Verify that you have met all of the [prerequisites](#calico-enterprise-multi-cluster-networking) for multi-cluster networking to be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that you have met the [prerequisites](#calico-enterprise-multi-cluster-networking) for multi-cluster networking
```

> * If you had previously setup RemoteClusterConfigurations without multi-cluster networking and are upgrading to use the feature, review the [switching considerations](#switch-to-multi-cluster-networking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you had previously set up RemoteClusterConfigurations without multi-cluster networking, and are upgrading to use the feature, review the [switching considerations](#switch-to-multi-cluster-networking)
```

* Verify that traffic between clusters is not being denied by network policy.

##### Check overlayRoutingMode
Ensure that `overlayRoutingMode` is set to `"Enabled"` on all RemoteClusterConfigurations.

If overlay routing is successfully enabled, you can view the logs of a Typha instance using:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

18:49:35.394 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/ipam/v2/assignment/"
18:49:35.395 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/resources/v3/projectcalico.org/workloadendpoints"
18:49:35.396 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/resources/v3/projectcalico.org/hostendpoints"
18:49:35.396 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/resources/v3/projectcalico.org/profiles"
18:49:35.396 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/resources/v3/projectcalico.org/nodes"
18:49:35.397 [INFO][14] watchercache.go 186: Full resync is required ListRoot="/calico/resources/v3/projectcalico.org/ippools"
```

If you do not see the each of the resource types above, overlay routing was not successfully enabled in your cluster. Verify that you followed the [setup](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) correctly for overlay routing, and that the cluster is using a version of {{prodname}} that supports multi-cluster networking.

###### Check logs

> Warning or error related logs in `typha` or `calico-node` may provide insight into where issues are occurring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning or error logs in `typha` or `calico-node` may provide insight into where issues are occurring.
```
